Welcome to this first lesson in Maya, where we're going
to cover the interface. It's the first thing you see
when you open Maya. It's good to get familiarized with it.
As you go through this course, you will become more
and more familiar with it, and comfortable using it.
But it's a great place to start, just that we know
what we're looking at because it's easy to get intimidated
when you're first starting to learn 3D. I know I was
when I opened up a program and you see all these buttons
and all these menus, and you have no idea what's important
and what's not. It just looks like some crazy alien interface,
and where to even begin with that. That's why I have this lesson.
copywriter. These accomplishments include becoming the number
one health and wellness copywriter on Google, being featured
in a case study interview with top copywriter
Jacob McMillan. And receiving awesome feedback like
this one from none other than Craig Clemens, who has generated more than
1 billion dollars in sales through the art of copywriting.
But you might be thinking, what would I actually learn
in this course? Well, for starters, you'll
get access to over 60 lessons, each one to ten minutes
to make them simpler, more memorable and hopefully
more motivating to spur you into action. The lessons
will cover copywriting essentials, like
writing catchy headlines. The six pillars of persuasion,
psychological triggers, how to find your clients,
as well as copywriting productivity hacks, the
best SEO practices, power words, career development,
and five story structures you can use
if you run out of ideas. So with all this
in mind, let me ask you, are you ready to give it a try?
If so, fantastic. Let's move on from this introduction
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.